This is where I tinker with Rye (https://ryelang.org)

test.rye is where I just try stuff. I'll be mostly commenting out stuff that I got working well enough to start actually using it. I do this to keep it around for my own reference even as I move on to other things.

weather.rye is my first attempt to use Rye for an actually useful application. It will get it's own repository at some point (I'm still learning git).
The objective here is to pull Environment Canada weather data for particular weather stations. My original use, which I'm goint to attempt to duplicate once I have the basic retreival working the way I want, was to help make a decision regarding the installation of a heat pump. The common opinion was that it would be pointless. My analysis suggested that I could cut my use of wood pellets (our primary heat source) by about 50 % If my analysis was actually correct (and it was!), the installation of a heat pump whose cost would be almost completely covered by the first year savings on wood pellets. So now I have something solid on which to base a new application that generalises what I did, making it useful to others no matter their primary heat source. And, since I can already hear the objections, yes, I know that wood pellets are hardly a common source of primary heat, but many common sources of heat are even more expensive that wood pellets and even natural gas can, in some circumstances, be profitably substituted (even when not accounting for the reduced carbon emissions).
